Documentation Update for Push Notification (Referencing Notification Categories) (#3583)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/v32.0.0/guides/push-notifications.md

   * badge.
   */
  badge?: number,
  
  /**
   * ID of the Notification Category through which to display this notification.

>    * This is a beta feature, so its key is _underscored. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

   * 

>    * To send a notification-with-category to the Expo Client, prefix the string

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * To send a notification with category to the Expo Client, prefix the string
```

>    * with the experience ID (`${Constants.manifest.id}:string`). This is not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * with the experience ID (`@user/experienceId:yourCategoryId`). For standalone/ejected
```

>    * required on a standalone / ejected application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * applications, use plain `yourCategoryId`.
```
